README.md, before:

# Actuary

Actuary is a generalized solution for attributing cost across software platforms.
It implements the server side component as described in Mya's [paper on cost attribution](cost-attribution.pdf).

![OSS Lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/osslifecycle/indeedeng-alpha/actuary.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-work%20in%20progress-yellow)

## Features

- [ ] A
- [ ] B
- [ ] C

## Getting Started

How does a user get started using this project?

## Getting Help

How does a user ask questions if they are stuck?

## How To Contribute

What does a user need to know if they want to start contributing? If this information is extensive, capture it in a CONTRIBUTING.md file and link to that file here.

## Project Maintainers

* [@mjpitz](https://github.com/mjpitz)

## Code of Conduct

This project is governed by the [Contributor Covenant v 1.4.1](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). (Review the Code of Conduct and remove this sentence before publishing your project.)

## License

This project uses the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE) license. (Update this and the LICENSE file if your project uses a different license.)

Commit message:

added sentence on where to find the most recent copy

README.md, after:

# Actuary

Actuary is a generalized solution for attributing cost across software platforms.
It implements the server side component as described in Mya's [paper on cost attribution](cost-attribution.pdf).
You can find the most recent copy of her paper [here](https://github.com/mjpitz/mjpitz/blob/main/papers/cost-attribution.pdf).

![OSS Lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/osslifecycle/indeedeng-alpha/actuary.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-work%20in%20progress-yellow)

## Features

- [ ] A
- [ ] B
- [ ] C

## Getting Started

How does a user get started using this project?

## Getting Help

How does a user ask questions if they are stuck?

## How To Contribute

What does a user need to know if they want to start contributing? If this information is extensive, capture it in a CONTRIBUTING.md file and link to that file here.

## Project Maintainers

* [@mjpitz](https://github.com/mjpitz)

## Code of Conduct

This project is governed by the [Contributor Covenant v 1.4.1](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). (Review the Code of Conduct and remove this sentence before publishing your project.)

## License

This project uses the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE) license. (Update this and the LICENSE file if your project uses a different license.)
